Add Istio Update issue template (#638)
kyma-project/istio: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/istio_update.md

---
name: Istio Update
about: Create an Istio update issue
title: "Istio {version} update"
labels: kind/feature
assignees: ''

---
**Description**

> Update Kyma Istio module to use new Istio version. Update Istio version and used dependencies, adjust tests and documentation if needed. Upgrade needs to be with zero downtime for production settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the Kyma Istio module to use new Istio version. Update Istio version and used dependencies, adjust tests and documentation if needed. The upgrade needs to have zero downtime for production settings.
```

ACs:

> - [ ] Review Istio RNs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Review Istio RNs.
```

> - [ ] Istio bumped on main and latest release branch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Istio bumped on the `main` and `latest` release branch.
```

> - [ ] Prepare Kyma Istio RNs based on Istio RNs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Prepare Kyma runtime Istio RNs based on open-source Istio RNs.
```

> - [ ] Istio installs and upgrades to new version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Istio installs and upgrades to new version.
```

- [ ] Istio module upgrades with zero downtime - https://github.com/kyma-project/istio/issues/429

> - [ ] Tests and documentation updated if needed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Tests and documentation updated if needed.
```

> - [ ] Verify that sidecars are in sync with control-plane

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Verify that sidecars are in sync with Control Plane.
```

**DoD:**
- [ ] Provide documentation.
- [ ] Test on a production-like environment.
- [ ] Verify if the solution works for both open-source Kyma and SAP BTP, Kyma runtime.
- [ ] Check the outcome of all related pipelines.
- [ ] As a PR reviewer, verify code coverage and evaluate if it is acceptable.

> - [ ] Add release notes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Add release notes.
```
